1. Website : A website is a collection of publicly accessible, interlinked Web pages that share a single domain name. Websites can be created and maintained by an individual, group, business or organization to serve a variety of purposes.

2. WWW : The World Wide Web -- also known as the web, WWW or W3 -- refers to all the public websites or pages that users can access on their local computers and other devices through the internet.

3.HTTP/HTTPS : Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (https) is a combination of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) with the Secure Socket Layer (SSL)/Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. TLS is an authentication and security protocol widely implemented in browsers and Web servers.

4.Clinet Server : Client-server is a relationship in which one program, the client, requests a service or resource from another program, the server.

5 Domain: An internet domain is an administrative structure for organizing, delivering and accessing services on the internet.

6.Host : In Internet protocol specifications, the term "host" means any computer that has full two-way access to other computers on the Internet. 

7.Hosting : The process where a web hosting provider stores and maintains website files and applications on a server to make its customers' websites accessible on the internet.

8.FTP : FTP (File Transfer Protocol) is a standard network protocol used for the transfer of files from one host to another over a TCP-based network, such as the Internet.

9.Path : Alternatively known as the pathname, the current path or path is the complete location or name of where a computer, file, device, or web page is located.

10.Extension : A browser extension is a software module for customizing a web browser. Browsers typically allow users to install a variety of extensions, including user interface modifications, cookie management, ad blocking, and the custom scripting and styling of web pages.

11. Editor/vscode : Visual Studio Code is a free coding editor that helps you start coding quickly. Use it to code in any programming language, without switching editors. Visual Studio Code has support for many languages, including Python, Java, C++, JavaScript, and more.

12.URL -URI/URN : Just as buildings and houses have a street address, webpages also have unique addresses to help people locate them. On the Internet, these addresses are called URLs (Uniform Resource Locators).

13.Address bar : The address bar is the familiar text field at the top of a web browser's graphical user interface (GUI) that displays the name or the URL (uniform resource locator) of the current web page.

14.Title Bar : A title bar is a graphical user interface (GUI) component of a software application or Web page. It holds related metadata and is used to define the name of a window, software or visible interface. A title bar is also known as a titlebar.